# Introduction - Virtual Worlds, Real Concerns
This research project examines how immersive environmental video games can influence players' climate awareness and concern. By exploring the link between virtual experiences and real-world attitudes, it highlights the potential of games as powerful tools for climate communication and education.

As a case study, we chose to examine Animal Crossing: New Horizons, a popular game that emphasizes interactions with the in-game enviornment. Players are incentivized to gather resources for use in crafting items or building amenities (like a general store) for the island. They are also prompted to collect bugs, fish, and fossils to donate to the museum, sell, or display. This environmental interaction is the focus of this study.

This project was developed using the Streamlit Python library. To run it, the files can either be downloaded and run locally on your device, or the app can be accessed online at Streamlit Cloud

# Instructions - Accessing the Dataset
Download all packages from the requirements.txt. Make sure the two .csv data files are uploaded in the same file directory (this is mock data randomly generated by Mockaroo). Run the file and view the prototype visualization.

Download app.py and all .csv files, making sure they are in the same file. In your terminal, navigate to the folder with the files and run the command streamlit run app.py.

Alternatively, access the visualization here: https://finalproject-t4xubdn2cznyernjn2l4sj.streamlit.app/.

# Acknowledgements, Disclaimers, Data
This project was completed as part of the INFOSCI301 course at Duke Kunshan University (taught by Prof. Luyao Zhang).
We implemented data from Vuong et al.'s multinational dataset of game players’ behaviors in a virtual world and environmental perceptions (https://www.scidb.cn/en/detail?dataSetId=cb5d36cce29f4e5695a586c9b85d04b6&dataSetType=journal) and the Peoples' Climate Vote (https://peoplesclimate.vote/data-center).


